to see that the prices by the way better goals of the date 13
of carlos rivas de cqc covered some tacos that did not surrender in this
party that were at a disadvantage that seemed to lose the game but
rivas marquez gregory for so many miners down 3 1 that's what good matches
although well even in the way that instead of the center would tie performance of
marko banic apportion charges
this passive by a pit the Russian gas
pacheco del atlas if he hits the ball very well he plays very well right
match
the young Filipino clothed very well except the public we had several
already in this season because we are going and have tried a lot of trade and a mixture of
uranium and fernando mules swear it is the great revelation of the atlas of the
recent times 2040 Czech bbc offered a lot have offered many
Valencia
barrier against against return Arabs time and the same bravo bravos the
barrier pillar of the fig tree bravo barreda palencia end up arriving lópez
as well
Lopez is what determines hitting the ball badly but it seems that
traversed urban I play the goalkeeper a holidays site
that and that long career of palencia to his vera vera bejarano but muddy his
husband had given him asian dominguez inscribed to the dante lópez goes on
does not finish and ponce circle that stoop until there is a pass to be
legal but they contributed 11 but it is a soccer game that is to say there is no
intention there is nothing what happens is that the two hours at the headquarters of the
federation
nevertheless, a high level of rigor this region also ends up drowning
kings heroes a few changes of rhythm this man are sensational were
tumbling to this from the day he arrived victorious turret - renault a
I sing low as a wonderful balm and ricky knows that the troop played seven
event parties
Skillful tribune no doubt very fast powerful and lives in a great power
has a goal
parade nsué sung-hwan volconsa anticipates all of this in defense but had
for him
but it was not worth anything because
Wolf spoke to his team but very good reception
and once inside and I pray the sunflower that will direct wrote in the necaxa carlos
durbin something that helped his clients know the day I thought it would be
civilized its motivated was the means this great and paggi
quirós side wished his ready to put hand to the team of ariel care
juanjo rodríguez of a golazo for the admiration of the guadaíra or the fame of
Exactly cold right about all that happens to them of cold chest that leaves it like
give with just a first knees and then define only bullfighting the
chest pass the chest pass and
tultepec from python to tail our defense tactics of america for
back to cross the psoe railway line
incredible riazor duel how disadvantage is your new book as
it only manufactures all day on adhesion
this man who has requested gold ricketts is removed
donda was a concrete mismatch his play in three touches
with the first of galapagar I expected a touch of amagá as an object
here goes the second that your cut
and the third one also specified where was the both do not use it employment
it was but communicates in turret I think that the pri boar and ordinary and
good
gonzalo vargas that has been so questioned put keycorp a collapse
euros singul to always remain healthy second time 6 '
but the teams have chosen the prepare differently and an adjective
unbalances wonderfully well you do not have to go long 4 5 and defined
very good the second quarter
is she the faith or four guys I see with enthusiasm your pass whatever happens
It is very good several
rpta fourth daughter and you see how you leave it there you look pub where are you names
although he gave away when he knows where the ball goes
and this is a big hit homer curbelo ojú guayubín parade but very
well one hits you well because your sections are encouraged
to stick law something had and shows me for my taste where it has to see if
there is luck the rise is thrown to lose this time justified the power the
just direction to face the eighta hand and the crossbar
impressive shot sent the ball into effect
because it will have in the final to fly to take out in 2012 the costs and styles of
serious recorder explained that tree is historical for the mind
is a luxury for the memory of is a chile is a resource more than a luxury that
He accused the sport for its colorful but luxurious hand with eyes
be optimistic and affinity yes to the back to the ring with the taquito and have it
looked for power one understands that you are looking for because you fuck with both
checkbooks she only partners today upward and almost 300 a torrent but this
cox passed him the ball and hopefully
for example the rockrose with such good sense that he hit Ferrol and puts it
engaging perfect and sought to do so not the state is on the rise of the
additional fee passed the ball when he sees that he can not be passed then he tries
this is very good is fantastic an environment each very good sales of
season is wishing strikers goalie ruud gullit until when